MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Harshith - Quantum Degen Trading AI Swarm

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

ADDITIONAL DISCLAIMER FOR TRADING SOFTWARE:

This software is provided for educational and research purposes only. 
Cryptocurrency trading involves substantial risk of loss and may not be 
suitable for all investors. Past performance is not indicative of future 
results. The use of this software for live trading is at your own risk.

The authors and contributors of this software make no representations or 
warranties regarding the accuracy, completeness, or suitability of the 
trading algorithms, predictions, or any other information contained herein.

You should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, 
and risk appetite before engaging in any trading activities. Only invest what 
you can afford to lose.

NO FINANCIAL ADVICE: Nothing in this software constitutes financial, investment, 
legal, or other professional advice. Users are solely responsible for their 
trading decisions and any resulting profits or losses. 